Improve docs for ReactiveUI integration (#62)
AvaloniaUI/avaloniaui.net: wwwroot/docs/reactiveui/activation.md

Title: View Activation

> Order: 0

Reviewer: I think this should probably go after "View Activation"? It feels like a more advanced concept.

---

> For [WhenActivated](https://reactiveui.net/docs/handbook/when-activated/) ReactiveUI feature to work, you need to use custom base classes from the `Avalonia.ReactiveUI` package, such as `ReactiveWindow<TViewModel>` or `ReactiveUserControl<TViewModel>`. Of course, you can also implement the `IViewFor<TViewModel>` interface by hand in your class, but ensure to store the `ViewModel` in an `AvaloniaProperty`. [Activation and deactivation](https://reactiveui.net/docs/handbook/when-activated/) feature will work for your view model only in case you put an empty `WhenActivated` block right before a call to  `AvaloniaXamlRenderer.Load(this)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the [WhenActivated](https://reactiveui.net/docs/handbook/when-activated/) ReactiveUI feature to work, you need to use custom base classes from the `Avalonia.ReactiveUI` package, such as `ReactiveWindow<TViewModel>` or `ReactiveUserControl<TViewModel>`. Of course, you can also implement the `IViewFor<TViewModel>` interface by hand in your class, but make sure you store the `ViewModel` in an `AvaloniaProperty`. The [activation and deactivation](https://reactiveui.net/docs/handbook/when-activated/) feature will work for your view model only in case you put an empty `WhenActivated` block right before a call to  `AvaloniaXamlRenderer.Load(this)`.
```

Reviewer: > Activation and deactivation feature will work for your view model only in case you put an empty `WhenActivated` block right before a call to  `AvaloniaXamlRenderer.Load(this)`.

Is this still the case? I thought this had been fixed.

Author: Hmm yeah, missed that thing. Thank you! Will fix all the issues soon!

```cs
public class ViewModel : ReactiveObject, ISupportsActivation
{
    public ViewModelActivator Activator { get; }

    public ViewModel()
    {
        Activator = new ViewModelActivator();
        this.WhenActivated((CompositeDisposable disposables) =>
        {
            /* handle activation */
            Disposable
                .Create(() => { /* handle deactivation */ })
                .DisposeWith(disposables);
        });
    }
}
```

**View.xaml**

This is the UI for the view model you see above. 

```xml
<Window xmlns="https://github.com/avaloniaui"
        xmlns:d="http://schemas.microsoft.com/expression/blend/2008"
        Background="#f0f0f0" FontFamily="Ubuntu"
        MinHeight="590" MinWidth="750">
  <TextBlock Text="Hello, world!" />
</Window>
```

**View.xaml.cs**

> This is the code-behind for the `View.xaml` file you see above. Remember to always put a call to `WhenActivated` into your View constructor, otherwise the framework won't be able to determine when the view model gets activated.

Reviewer: > otherwise the framework

Which framework? RxUI or Avalonia?

```cs
public partial class View : ReactiveWindow<ViewModel>
{
    public View()
    {
        // ViewModel's WhenActivated block will also get called.
        this.WhenActivated(disposables => { /* Handle view activation etc. */ });
        AvaloniaXamlLoader.Load(this);
    }
}
```

# Code-Behind ReactiveUI Bindings

> Avalonia XAML rendering engine won't generate strongly typed `x:Name` references to controls. The only way to use [code-behind ReactiveUI bindings](https://reactiveui.net/docs/handbook/data-binding/) for now is to use the `FindControl` method that will find a control by the name specified in XAML, or to use `{Binding Path}` syntax. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Avalonia XAML engine doesn't generate strongly typed `x:Name` references to controls. The only way to use [code-behind ReactiveUI bindings](https://reactiveui.net/docs/handbook/data-binding/) for now is to use the `FindControl` method that will find a control by the name specified in XAML, or to use `{Binding Path}` syntax. 
```

:::note

> The `FindControl` method shouldn't be used inside an expression. Instead, create a custom property which calls the `FindControl` method, or store the control in a variable. See an example below illustrating how to use ReactiveUI code-behind bindings with AvaloniaUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FindControl` method shouldn't be used inside an expression. Instead, create a custom property which calls the `FindControl` method, or store the control in a variable. See the example below illustrating how to use ReactiveUI code-behind bindings with Avalonia.
```

:::

```cs
public partial class View : ReactiveWindow<ViewModel>
{
    // Assume the Button control has the Name="ExampleButton" attribute defined in XAML.
    public Button ExampleButton => this.FindControl<Button>("ExampleButton");

    public View()
    {
        this.WhenActivated(disposables => 
        {
            // Bind the 'ExampleCommand' to 'ExampleButton' defined above.
            this.BindCommand(ViewModel, x => x.ExampleCommand, x => x.ExampleButton)
                .DisposeWith(disposables);
        });
        AvaloniaXamlLoader.Load(this);
    }
}
```

> <a class="btn btn-primary" role="button" href="index">

Reviewer: Not sure this button is really required outside of tutorials? There aren't really any "steps" here to follow... In addition it takes you back to the index, missing out "Routing" which is the first section under ReactiveUI.
